new MQL definition (#955)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/marketing/index.md

A marketing qualified lead (MQL) is any of:

- A representative who submitted a demo or contact form AND has >= 200 engineers 

> - A person who sets up a new Sourcegraph instance AND revenue >= $50M

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A person who has requested a PDF (ebook or whitepaper) or has installed a new Sourcegraph instance AND works for a company with either >= 200 engineers or with revenue >= $50M
```
